as Arthur C Clarke said the only way to
find the limits of the possible is to go
beyond them into the impossible
the world as most people are going to
live it is so tightly defined is so
limited by their narrow perspective that
they're never able to shake out of that
to really shape something and build the
world not as it is but the way that they
want to see it
they're allowing themselves to be hemmed
in by what they see other people doing
by the bricks that have been laid before
them but it really is our ability as a
species to adapt and to go somewhere new
that defines us
[Music]
and so focusing our attention on getting
beyond that is a critical thing and as
Socrates himself said the secret to
change is to focus not on fighting the
old
but on building the new to put all of
your energy into creating something new
not to resist what's come before you and
that's where so many people spend their
time there is so much comfort in what's
come before there's so much safety in
the bricks that people have laid before
you that you're unable to see that if
you're willing to Step Beyond that if
you're willing to define something for
yourself if you're willing to learn if
you're willing to challenge your own
assumptions if you're willing to
challenge the things that you believe if
you're willing to push beyond the
Comforts that an entirely New World
awaits you and we live in this radically
new environment where information is
available to us all we're with a click
of a mouse with a couple moments of
Surfing that you can encounter a vast
Universe of ideology that is totally
foreign to you that is totally new to
you that are going to become the things
with which you build something new
they're going to be the things that
allow you to create a universe and up
until this moment simply has not a
existed
[Music]
but how many people do that
how many people really take the time to
educate themselves
to shake off the Yoke of everything
that's come before and have the guts and
the courage to dive into ideology that
runs counter to them that shakes up
their entire belief system that forces
them to question everything but in that
questioning in not fighting everything
that's come before and instead imagining
an entirely new world we can literally
build that world
[Music]
Socrates has another quote employ your
time in improving yourself by other
men's writing
so that you shall gain easily what
others have labored hard for
that's the world you live in that's the
era that is now this transition that's
happened from the time that we had the
printing press until the internet came
along and until right now today where we
live in a world where people are trying
to put so much information out there all
you have to do is be willing to look
beyond the safe confines of the world
that you've constructed for you the
world that your parents handed to you
the world that Society tells you is the
way that it is was and always will be
once you can look beyond that once you
can get to understanding that you you
can control the fabric of Your World by
altering your belief systems by reaching
out and looking at what other people
have given their lives to obtain that
information to take it in to not be
beholden to Dogma but instead be willing
to accept that ideas are not only tools
they're weapons
and there are things that you can use to
terraform to change your own mind
and once you've changed your mind
then you can change the world
foreign
[Music]